Add storage sample (#947)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/storage/stylizr/README.md

# chrome.storage - Stylizr

A sample that demonstrates how to use the [`chrome.storage`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/storage/) API.

## Overview

> In this sample, the `chrome.storage` API is used to store the custom style string. The style will be applied to the active page when the extension's action icon is clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this sample, the `chrome.storage` API stores a custom style string that will be applied to the active page when the extension's action icon is clicked.
```
